And what about the others?
Well, I need to just do
something like if it's menu,
a MenuPage, but
I don't have a MenuPage yet.
But for now, I can just render
a text saying Menu, like so.
And something similar to the other
two that were OrderPage and InfoPage.
So we have order, we have info, like that.
So actually,
we are rendering one or the other.
Do we have any other way to
navigate between screens?
Actually, in Jetpack,
composed by itself, no.
There is another framework known
as Jetpack Compose Navigation.
That will be similar to React router or
the routing system in
Angular that will let us define routes and
then move between routes.
But I wanna keep this simple.
So I'm just switching
between different compose.
So here in the Menu, you see a text menu.
If I'm going to Offers,
it is rendering offers, order an info, so
the navigation actually works.
So just to wrap up what's going on,
we have a NavBar.
The NavBar has a selectedRoute
that is one state of the app,
mutableState of this app.
So and here the mutableState of
this app is I'm changing the value.
Every time you change
the value of a state,
the whole system rechecks, re-executes.
In this case,
the composer was to see if there is
a new composition that needs to be made.
And in this case because it's
changing the composition,
is going to render
efficiently that change.
Okay, this make sense?
Do you have any question?
Nope.
So now the next step is to
create the other pages, okay?
So I'm going to create offers page but
just because I'm here,
maybe I can create a new folder that
actually is a package for my patients.
I mean we don't need to do that,
but just for organization.
So I'm going to put OffersPage there.
So I just right click new package,
just to reorganize the elements.
So now I need to create three
new files empty for now.
So I'm going to create a new Kotlin file.
So we have MenuPage and
we're going to create for
now a preview composable
within a MenuPage, empty.
Another one for order,
and another one for info.
So new column file,
OrderPage, prev tab.
So I have an OrderPage and
finally the same for info.
In the meantime, do you have any question?
>> For the it,
>> Yeah.
>> What I remember,
if you're only passing in one value,
one parameter on an argument,
>> Yeah.
>> It is that particular argument.
>> Yeah, for example,
here on onChange, I'm receiving it,
but I can also say selectedRoute or route.
And then instead of it, you got your route
>> And
it just just references
that particular argument.
But is there,
[COUGH] such a thing called iterable if
the object itself was a some sort of.
>> I mean you have a iterables here but
you have nothing to do with it.
>> Yeah, nothing to do with that.
>> No, nothing to do with iterables.
Just the first two letters, that's all.
So, now instead of this text,
I'm going to render
MenuPage, OrderPage,
OrdersPage, and Information.
By the way, the OrderPage, I didn't get,
or it's OrderPage, not orders.
So let's go back to the app, its
OrderPage, import OrderPage and InfoPage.
Okay, just the same as before.
So now we can start playing
with the rest of the pages.
We have our little navigation ready,
make sense?
Cool, well,
next is to start working with data,
because we are going to list the menu,
our menu.
So for
that I'm going to create a data model.
The data model here is just
a file with our data structures.
There are many architectural
design patterns in Android and
in Jetpack Compose NBBM,
NBC, and many others.
I'm trying to keep it
as simple as possible.
So we're just going to create
a new Kotlin file, and
let's call this DataModels, or DataModel.
And here we are just going
to create some classes,
simple classes to hold the data
that we're going to render, okay?
But by the way it's matching a web service
that is already there that we are going
to consume.
Does that make sense?
So for that, I'm going to
create a class for the product.
Each product that we offer in the menu,
that we have an ID that's an integer.
This is the primary constructor.
Remember, it has a name, String, a price,
a Double, an image,
is like the image name, like so.
And something that I'm going to create,
it's a compute property,
some kind of a computed property
that you haven't seen before.
So it's the image URL.
So actually,
we are going to create another property,
in this case it can be mutable, imageURL.
But we're going to take the image, and
we are going to add the prefix of
the current server where the image is.
So this is like the relative URL.
I'm going to put here the absolute URL.
And to do that, we do this, we say for
the mutable variable because it must
be mutable to be compute,
imageURL, this is the getter, okay?
And it's going to be equals to https and
by the way,
you have the code if you wanna copy and
paste from the companion website.
It's github.io/coffeemasters/api/images,
and the name of the image.
Does it make sense?
So then I can use imageURL, access
imageURL as if it's a normal variable.
So that's the product.
Products are going to be
stored in categories.
So I have a category that has just
a name and an array of products.
How do you say that?
It's a MutableList of type Product
with angle brackets, nothing else.
And then we have an ItemInCart.
It's items that will go in the cart
that is just a product and a quantity
Okay, no curly braces, nothing that's
our data model, as simple as that.
>> So all those classes can
be in the same file and
they don't have to match the file?
>> Yeah, that's correct we can have
as many structures classes and
objects in the same file, and it's okay.
Maybe you're thinking, well, but I prefer.
But if you think about that,
if your class is just one line,
do you need one file for one line?
That doesn't make any sense.
>> [INAUDIBLE] you are right anyway.
>> It doesn't make any sense I think this
thing that having several classes in
the same file makes more sense.
So it depends on the case, if you wanna
separate things in several files or not.